Learning NextJs
chapter 1
- Folder structure

/app : contain all the routes,components, and logic for your application
/app/lib : contains function used in your application, such as reusable utility functions and data fetching functions
/app/ui : contains all the UI components for your application, such as cars,tables, and forms.To save time, we've pre-style
/public : contains all the static assets fo your application,such as images
Config Files : ex: next.config.ts a the root of your application

by using TypeScript,you can ensure you don't accidentally pass te wrong data format to your components or database like passing a string instead of a number to invoice amount

chapter 2
- CSS Styling

/app/ui/global.css
you can use this file to add CSS rules to all the routes in your application - such ass CSS reset rules, site-wide styles for HTML elements like links and more
we can import global.css in any component in your top-level component

Tailwind is a CSS framework that speeds up the development process by allowing you to 	quickly write utility clasess directly i your React code

- Using the clsx library to toggle class names

clsx is a library that lets you toggle class names easily. We recommended taking a look at documentation for more details,but here'sthe basic usage

chapter 3
-Optimizing fonts and images
in the previous chapter, you learned how to style your Next.js application

chapter 4 
- creating layouts and pages 

Nested rounting fil system routing where folders are used to create nested routes.Each folder represents a route segmnen that maps to a URLsegment.

we can create seperate UIs for each route using layout.tsx and page.tsx files
page.tsx s a speciial Next.js file that exports a react component, and it's required for the route to be accessible. in your application, you already hava a page file: /app/page.tsx

To create a nested route, you can nest folders inside each other and add page.tsx files inside them, For example:
/app/dashboard/page.tsx is a accosiated with hte /dashboard path

By having a special name for page files,Next.js allows you to colocate UI components, test files and other related code with your routes.Only the content inside page file will be publicy accesible

chapter 5
Navigation Between Pages
in the previous chapter, we create the dasboard layout and pages now, lets add some links to allow users to navigate between the dashboard routes

when we use <a></a> HTML element. At the moment, the sidebar link use <a> elements, but notice what happens when you navigate between the home,invoices, and customers pages on yout browser
there's full page refresh to each page navigation

the <Link> component
in Next.js, you can use the

chapter 7 -- Fetching Data
API layer
APIs are an intermediary layer between your application code and database. There are a few cases where you might use an API:
in Next.js, you can create API endpoints using Route Handlers

chapter 10 - Adding Search and Pagination

<Search/> allows user to search for specific invoices
<Pagination/> allows user to navigate between pages of invoices
<Table/> displays the invoices

why use URL search params?

we use URL search params to manage the search state

couple of benefits of implementing search with URL params:

- bookmark and shareable URls: since the search parameters are in the UR,
users can bookmark the current state

- Server-side rendering: URL parameters can be directly consumed on the Server
to render the initial state, making it easier to handle server rendering.

- Analyticss and tracking: having search queries and filters directly in the URL makes it easier
to track user behavior withou require additional client-side logic.

Adding the search functionally
these are the Next.js client hooks that you'll use to implement
the search functionality

- useSearchParams-Allows you to acces the parameters of the current URL. For example,
the search params for this URL /dashboard/invoices?page=1&query=pending
would look like this: {page: '1', query: 'pending'}.

- usePathname - Lets you read the current URL's pathname,
For example, for the route /dashboard/invoices, usePathname would return '/dashboard/invoices'.

-useRouter - Enables navigation between routes within client components prorammatically. There
are multiple methods you can use.

Here's a quick overview of the implementation steps:

    Capture the user's input.
    Update the URL with the search params.
    Keep the URL in sync with the input field.
    Update the table to reflect the search query.

URLSearchParams s a Web API that provides utility methods for
manipulating the URL query parameters















